chore: support retry publish in release script (#1709)
bugsnag/bugsnag-js: CONTRIBUTING.md

Prereleases will automatically be published to npm with the dist tag `next` and browser bundles are automatically uploaded to the CDN.

The dist tag ensures that prereleases are not installed by unsuspecting users who do not specify a version – npm automatically adds the `latest` tag to a published module unless one is specified.

### Release issues

#### Failed to publish all packages

Problem: `lerna publish` failed part-way through meaning not all packages were published.

To remedy this:

>  - First work out whether a cdn upload is required as the check used in `release.sh` is no longer valid since the `lerna version` step took place.

Reviewer: I think it's worth being super clear here and mention `FORCE_CDN_UPLOAD` relates to this step (it's kind of obvious but better safe than sorry!)

This feels kind of long but also clearer:

```suggestion
 - First work out whether a CDN upload is required by checking if `@bugsnag/js` has changes since the last release. This must be done manually because the check used in `release.sh` is no longer valid because the `lerna version` step took place. If a CDN upload is required, set the `FORCE_CDN_UPLOAD` environment variable to any value
```

>  - Then re-run using the `RETRY_PUBLISH` and `FORCE_CDN_UPLOAD` flags as required:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Then re-run the release script by setting the `RETRY_PUBLISH` environment variable (in addition to `FORCE_CDN_UPLOAD` if a CDN upload is required):
```
